# Chat App with OpenAI API

This is a simple chat application that uses the OpenAI API, Next.js, SWR, TypeScript, Next Auth , and Firebase. The purpose of this application is to showcase how to use the OpenAI API to build a simple chat application.

## Installation

To install and run the project, please follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Run `npm install` to install the required packages.
3. In the `src` folder create firebase.ts file:
`'''javescript
// Import the functions you need from the SDKs you need
import { getApp, getApps, initializeApp } from "firebase/app";
import { getFirestore } from 'firebase/firestore'

// Your web app's Firebase configuration
const firebaseConfig = {
   // Add your own Firebase configuration details here
};

// Initialize Firebase
const app = getApps().length ? getApp() : initializeApp(firebaseConfig);

// Get a reference to the Firestore database
const db = getFirestore(app);

// Export the Firestore database reference
export { db };
`

4. Add your OpenAI API key to the `.env.local` file. Example:

`OPENAI_API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY`

5. Run `npm run dev` to start the development server.

## Usage

To use the application, simply enter your name and click "+". You can then send messages and receive responses generated by the OpenAI API. The application also supports real-time updates.

## Contribution

If you would like to contribute to this project, please feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request. We welcome all contributions, big and small!


## Acknowledgements

This project was created by modecode22 to showcase the use of the OpenAI API. We would like to thank the OpenAI team for providing such a powerful tool, as well as the creators of Next.js, SWR, TypeScript, and Firebase for their amazing work.
